add debugging to pings docs (#39713)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/pings.md

There are no other automatic external connections to Sourcegraph.com (or any other site on the internet).

## Troubleshooting Pings

It may happen that Sourcegraph will stop sending critical telemetry to Sourcegraph.com, if this happens it may indicate a problem with Sourcegraphs frontend database, or a site settings misconfiguration. Below are some debugging steps.

Sourcegraph telemetry pings are handled by a goroutine running on Sourcegraphs frontend service called [`updatecheck`](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/-/blob/cmd/frontend/internal/app/updatecheck/client.go?subtree=true), `updatecheck` is [started](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24+file:%5Ecmd/frontend/internal/cli/serve_cmd%5C.go+updatecheck.Start%28db%29&patternType=literal) on container startup and periodically requests a variety of queries be run in the `pgsql` database.

### Misconfigured update.channel 

> The most common scenario in which Sourcegraph stops sending pings is a change to the `update.channel` setting in an instances [site config json](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/config/site_config)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most common scenario in which Sourcegraph stops sending pings is a change to the `update.channel` setting in an instance's [site config](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/config/site_config)
```

```

> "update.channel":"release",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"update.channel": "release",
```

```

> *This setting [must be set to "release"](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24+file:%5Ecmd/frontend/internal/app/updatecheck/client%5C.go+channel+%21%3D+%22release%22&patternType=literal) in order for the telemetry goroutine to run, don't worry only site admins see the update available banners!*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*This setting [must be set to "release"](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24+file:%5Ecmd/frontend/internal/app/updatecheck/client%5C.go+channel+%21%3D+%22release%22&patternType=literal) in order for the telemetry goroutine to run.*
```

### Check if the goroutine is running

*This section is under development and currently only applies for docker-compose instances: [39710](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/39710)*

> If its reported that pings aren't being sent to the Sourcegraph.com you can check that the goroutine is running with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it's reported that pings aren't being sent to the Sourcegraph.com, you can check that the goroutine is running with the following command:
```

```
docker exec -it sourcegraph-frontend-0 sh -c 'wget -nv -O- 'http://127.0.0.1:6060/debug/pprof/goroutine?debug=1' | grep updatecheck'
```
Example:
```
[ec2-user@latveria-ip ~]$ docker exec -it sourcegraph-frontend-0 sh -c 'wget -nv -O- 'http://127.0.0.1:6060/debug/pprof/goroutine?debug=1' | grep updatecheck'
2022-04-05 20:53:32 URL:http://127.0.0.1:6060/debug/pprof/goroutine?debug=1 [14660] -> "-" [1]
#	0x1f052c5	github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/cmd/frontend/internal/app/updatecheck.Start+0xc5	github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/cmd/frontend/internal/app/updatecheck/client.go:697
```

### Looking for errors in the logs

> Provided the `update.check` is running, and the site config is correctly configured. It may be the case that `pgsql` is failing to return data from the sql queries to the `frontend`. Check out your frontend logs for logs tagged [`telemetry: updatecheck failed`](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24+file:%5Ecmd/frontend/internal/app/updatecheck/client%5C.go+telemetry:+updatecheck+failed&patternType=literal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `update.check` is running, and the site config is correctly configured, then it may be the case that `pgsql` is failing to return data from the SQL queries to the `frontend`. Check out the frontend logs for logs tagged [`telemetry: updatecheck failed`](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24+file:%5Ecmd/frontend/internal/app/updatecheck/client%5C.go+telemetry:+updatecheck+failed&patternType=literal).
```

> If issues persist please reach out to a team member for support at support@sourcegraph.com 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If issues persist, please reach out to a team member for support at support@sourcegraph.com 
```
